Li Meng shut up
Chairperson, why did you come in person?
I can handle this
Hmph, I won't come again
I don't know how much trouble you're going to get into
Who told you to have a house idea?
Grandpa and the two of them are nail households
I'm married to 2 million
They don't know what to do.
This is my favorite Sengoku crystal cup
Who broke it?
Sengoku Crystal Cup
This is really a Sengoku crystal cup.
Well, except in the museum
I didn't expect there to be another one.
Are you a pervert?
It's so big
Priceless treasure as toothpaste I would love to
Can you handle it?
Since you know the goods
Hurry up and lose money
This is what you broke.
If it's broken, it's broken.
What's the point of arguing about feeding a broken cup to your family?
There are other cups in the house
If the girl likes it, pick it up.
Dad, you let me keep this round of rubbish for more than ten years
Now you've had enough fun coming out in this legal person
You have suffered for ten years
Your path will be paved for you in the future
The only thing left is your marriage to Meng girl
What!